Add an animated toggle button to the chat input bar in the Effortless app that lets users switch between “Task” (one-time) and “Routine” (recurring automation).

💬 UI Behavior

Place the toggle inside the chat input bar, left of the text field.

Default state: “Task” (toggle off).

When toggled on → label and icon change to “Routine 🔁”.

The chat bubble or AI response should reflect this:

Example (toggle off): “One-time task created ✅”

Example (toggle on): “Routine automation scheduled 🔁.”

🎨 Visual Design

Use Framer Motion for smooth spring animation (scale + glow on toggle).

Style the toggle like a pill switch:

Off → gray background (bg-gray-800 text-gray-300)

On → gradient indigo → green (from-indigo-500 to-green-400 text-white).

Add icons (Lucide):

“Clock” for one-time task

“Repeat” for routine

When active, toggle should slightly glow (shadow-[0_0_10px_rgba(99,102,241,0.5)]).

Tooltip on hover:

“Switch to Routine Mode” / “Switch to Task Mode.”

⚙️ Functionality

If toggle is OFF → any chat message creates a one-time task (taskType: "one_time").

If toggle is ON → task is stored as a routine (taskType: "routine") and connected to the recurring automation logic (e.g., cron schedule).

When sending the chat message, include the selected mode in the request payload:

{
  "text": "Pay my WiFi bill every month",
  "taskType": "routine"
}


Update backend /api/tasks route to read taskType and handle accordingly.

🧠 Backend Behavior

If taskType = one_time → save task normally.

If taskType = routine → auto-register it with the recurring task scheduler (node-cron).

Include type field in database ("routine" or "one_time").

AI responses (Gemini) should display confirmation based on toggle.

💅 Extra UX Details

On toggle → short haptic/sound feedback (“click.mp3”).

Animate toggle icon rotation 180° when switching states.

Add a hint text under chatbar:

“🔁 Routine mode active — Effortless will repeat this automation automatically.”

Hint fades in/out with animation when mode changes.

✅ Example Flow

1️⃣ User toggles on Routine mode (button glows green).
2️⃣ Types: “Order groceries every Friday 7PM.”
3️⃣ Sends message → Gemini parses → backend saves as routine task.
4️⃣ Chat UI replies: “🛒 Routine order set — I’ll handle it every Friday evening.”
5️⃣ Dashboard shows task under “Routines.”

Goal: Create a seamless, animated toggle in the chat input bar that lets users switch between one-time and recurring automations. It must be functional, connected to backend logic, animated with Framer Motion, and visually aligned with the Effortless design system.